Update Theme contribution guidance (#1002)
napari/docs: docs/plugins/advanced_topics/npe2_migration_guide.md

    return themes
```

becomes this theme contribution in the plugin manifest. Note that `type`

> selects the base light/dark theme, omitted color keys inherit from that base,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indicates whether the theme is light or dark, omitted color keys inherit from that base,
```
